hey this is Darren here with engadget we
are looking at the new iphone 5 this is
running iOS 6 0 notice an extra road
p'raps down here at the bottom because
the screen is a bit bigger there's a
1130 656 40 display talking to their
camera up here so one of the new
features here is the panorama mode I see
a switch over to here obviously not
enough space to do one here so passbook
is another iOS 6 features one who
noticed sheraton starwood hotels here in
delta as well new since the original
introduction quite a bit thinner and
lighter it is a little bit taller but
it's kind of amazing how much lighter
this feel is compared to before else
you'll notice the two-tone colors here
harkening back to the original article
new 8 megapixel camera with LED flash
familiar button layout here on the side
volume up and down as well as the mute
switch
your home button here at the bottom
everything else looks pretty clean out
you that I was seduced news 4s you'll
notice a smaller sim card slot here
that's because this uses the Nano Sam
instead of the micro sim / 4s
same grid down here going to put it up
inside the 4s here just to give you our
look at the size dimension difference
so you'll see just a little bit of a
difference in height here
so that's a brief hands-on within the
iphone five hopefully beginning to spend
a bit more time with it here in the near
future